# V1ClarityPPM #

In many organizations, there is a tension between agile teams and their 
program management office (PMO). The agile teams struggle to report their work 
to the PMO, while the PMO struggles with monitoring agile projects. Both want 
tools that suit their particular needs but it is rare to find a combination 
that satisfies both interests. VersionOne’s integration with Clarity PPM, 
built on the Pervasive Data Integrator, helps to ease this tension. The PMO 
can continue to manage the project in-take process using Clarity PPM’s Demand 
Management features, while populating VersionOne’s project structure when 
agile projects are ready to start. The PMO can maintain the bird’s eye view of 
projects as a portfolio with automated project summary reporting from 
VersionOne that does not burden project managers with duplicate entry. The PMO 
can continue to leverage Clarity PPM’s Resource Management features by 
populating time sheets from time-tracking in VersionOne. While these 
out-of-the-box integration capabilities help reduce the tension, Pervasive 
Data Integrator makes the integration easy to maintain and extend with visual 
designers for data mapping and automated workflows. That way, the integration 
can grow and evolve as both Agile and PPM processes evolve.

V1ClarityPPM is a set of maps and processes for the 
[Pervasive Data Integrator](http://integration.pervasive.com/Products/Pervasive-Data-Integrator.aspx) 
that can be used as building blocks for integrating VersionOne and Clarity 
PPM. Although these maps and processes require the commercial Pervasive Data 
Integrator product, the maps and processes themselves are free, licensed under 
a modified BSD license.